fix(docs): update native histograms migration guide (#10052)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/send/native-histograms/_index.md

   - Add a dashboard variable to your dashboard to enable switching between classic histograms and native histograms. There isn't support for selectively enabling and disabling queries in Grafana ([issue 79848](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/79848)). As a workaround, add the dashboard variable `latency_metrics`, for example, and assign it a value of either `-1` or `1`. Then, add the following two queries to the panel:

     ```
     (<classic_query>) and on() (vector($latency_metrics) == 1)
     ```

     ```
     (<native_query>) and on() (vector($latency_metrics) == -1)
     ```

>      Where `classic_query` is the original query and `native_query` is the same query using native histogram query syntax, placed inside a parenthesis. This technique is employed in Mimir's dashboards. For an example, refer to the [Overview dashboard](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/blob/main/operations/mimir-mixin-compiled/dashboards/mimir-overview.json) in the Mimir repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Where `classic_query` is the original query and `native_query` is the same query using native histogram query syntax placed inside parentheses. Mimir dashboards use this technique. For an example, refer to the [Overview dashboard](https://github.com/grafana/mimir/blob/main/operations/mimir-mixin-compiled/dashboards/mimir-overview.json) in the Mimir repository.
```
